
## Problem Statement
With the rising prices of new and used cars along with interest rates, buyers are turning towards older model economy cars for their daily commutes. However, drivers of older vehicles are statistically more likely to be involved in preventable collisions that modern safety systems could have helped avoid. Alongside this is the benefit of capturing any accidents via dashcam for use in insurance claims provides a cost effective way for used car buyers to buy the peace of mind a new car affords.

## Goals
1. Train a yolov8n model using the COCO dataset.
   1. 320px model - FINISHED
   2. 640px model - IN PROGRESS
2. Create a real time pipeline to process frames from the camera.
   1. Create a simulation environment - TO DO
      1. Inference model - TO DO
      2. Process frame - TO DO
      3. Extract key info (objects, distance, etc.) - TO DO
3. Assemble System.
   1. Physical assembly (See specifications) - TO DO
   2. OS configuration - TO DO
      1. Packages/Dependencies - TO DO
      2. Environments - TO DO
      3. Cron jobs/daemons - TO DO
4. Transfer simulation to device.
   1. Update test footage to live camera feed - TO DO
   2. Optimize for device - TO DO

## Stretch Goals
1. Create a custom 3D printed case for the device.
2. Lower cost of hardware to make a financially viable product.
3. Blindspot detection

## Specifications

Board - Raspberry pi 5 8gb

NPU - Raspberry Pi AI HAT+ 13 TOPS

Camera - Raspberry Pi Camera Module 3 Wide Noir

Speaker - TO DO

GPS - Adafruit GPS HAT

UPS (Stretch)

Cooling:
- Heatsinks
- Thermal Pads
- 1x 5V Fan

LEDs
- 2 Strips
  - Safe/Warning/Emergency LED Strip
  - Power/Connection LED Strip
- 2 LED Circle Strips (Stretch)
  - Blind Spot detection (R/L)

